[Service Bus] ATOM API: PagedAsyncIterableIterator for listing methods (#9951)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

## 7.0.0-preview.5 (Unreleased)

### Breaking Changes

- Added Async iterable iterators with pagination support for all the listing methods like `getQueues()`, `getTopics()`,`getQueuesRuntimeInfo()`, etc.
  [PR 9951](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9951)

>   - Please refer to the examples in the `samples` folder - [listingEntities](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/service-bus/samples/typescript/src/advanced/listingEntities.ts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion:
### Breaking Changes

- Added Async iterable iterators with pagination support for all the listing methods like `getQueues()`, `getTopics()`,`getQueuesRuntimeInfo()`, etc.
  [PR 9951](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9951)
- Please refer to the examples in the `samples` folder - [listingEntities](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/servicebus/service-bus/samples/typescript/src/advanced/listingEntities.ts)
```

Reviewer: the link for the file should be "blob" instead of "tree"

Author: Updated

>   - Please refer to the examples in the `samples` folder - [listingEntities](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/sdk/servicebus/service-bus/samples/typescript/src/advanced/listingEntities.ts)

Author: Removing this line to add it in a separate PR.

Author: ```suggestion
```
